# Code-Louisville-FEWD2017-Project


I created this website for my Roomates mother. She asked me to create something that captures the elegance of their Community in Anderson park. I wanted to express the beauty of the neighborhood, by utilizing some javascript in order to create a Photo carousel that shows various images or photos taken from around the site. The site also offers detailed information regarding their Board of Directors, Who manages the property outside of the residents. I was also tasked with adding a calendar to the Desktop/laptop sized site so that residents and family members would be able to see upcoming events local to the community. I linked the site to the Google API, and added in the shared calendar, so that the Board of directors is capable of updating Events on their google acocunt, and the rest of the web, residents and/or family members may see upcoming events.

Overall, this site was built to showcase the community, allow people in the community, or interested in becoming a member of the community; access to tools and information relevant to purchaisng property, to where to purchase property from. Local residents can keep track of the meeting schedule, while family members are capable of visiting the site, and seeing when the next community event is happening.

The mobile version of my site is slated for phones and tablets. In the phone version, visitors will have access to information regarding the facility via a welcome message describing the average life style in Anderson park. Mobile users will also have access to the Support section, in order to either call the Board of director's, or email them. This was built with the thought process of "On the go, what would I need in order to contact SOMEBODY from Anderson park." In the mobile version, the Carousel is removed, and the site runs off of a Very minimalistic style.
